DxE Slack Inviter
=================

This small Node.js server serves [slackin](https://github.com/rauchg/slackin/) as a tool to help onboard people to DxE's Slack account.

The following environment variables should be configured:
* `SLACK_API_KEY` - an [API token](https://api.slack.com/web) generated by an admin of the DxE Slack group. slackin's readme suggests creating a new admin user specifically for this purpose.
* `PORT` - Dokku will set this automatically, and locally it will fall back to `3000` if no other value is configured.

**Note:** Due to a [bug in slackin](https://github.com/rauchg/slackin/issues/169), this is currently running a bleeding-edge version directly from GitHub. Please upgrade to a version > 0.8.3 when it's available.

Deployment
----------

This repo is preconfigured to work with [Dokku](https://github.com/dokku/dokku), so you can just push it to a Dokku-enabled server. The build will fail unless you configure `SLACK_API_KEY` as an environment variable using `dokku apps:config <appname> "SLACK_API_KEY=<api_key>"`. Your server should have at least 1GB of RAM, or the build might fail when downloading dependencies for slackin. We're currently in the process of setting up a permanent deployment URL.

You can also just deploy it as you'd normally deploy a Node app; nothing about this setup is complex.


Local development
-----------------

1. Ensure that Node is installed on your computer.
2. Clone this repo and navigate to the project directory in your terminal.
3. Run `npm install`.
4. Copy the file `env.example.js` into `env.js`.
5. Set any unset environment variables that you'd like in that file. `SLACK_API_KEY` is required for the server to run. You can generate a [test key](https://api.slack.com/web) for this.
6. Run `node server.js`.
7. Navigate to the local server in your web browser.

License
-------

Copyright © 2016 DxE Tech Working Group and licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0. See the LICENSE file for the complete license.
